Add config docs (#271)
IAMconsortium/nomenclature: docs/user_guide/config.rst

.. _config:

.. currentmodule:: nomenclature

> Nomenclature configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
General project configuration
```

==========================

The nomenclature package features a configuration file that is used to enable the
following features:

* Import codelists from public GitHub repositories
* Add a list of common countries (details: :ref:`countries`) to the region codelist

Configuration file format
-------------------------

The configuration file **must be** located on the same level as the *mappings* and
*definitions* directories.

The file **must be** in yaml format and named *nomenclature.yaml*.

Importing from an external repository
-------------------------------------

> In order to import form an external repository the configuration file must define the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to import from an external repository, the configuration file must define the
```

> repository und the repositories key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository and the repositories key.
```

> The repository needs a name, in the example below *common-definitions* and a *url*, for
> example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository has a **name** (in the example below *common-definitions*) and a **url**:
```

.. code:: yaml

  repositories:
    common-definitions:
      url: https://github.com/IAMconsortium/common-definitions.git/

In order for the import to work the url must be given in the above format, i.e. with the
leading *https://* and the trailing *.git/*.

> Information from an external repository can either be used for codelists or model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information from an external repository can either be used for codelists ("definitions") or model
```

mappings, or both.

> For use in, for example, the *region* and *variable* codelists, the following is
> required:
> 

Reviewer: This sentence can be removed without loss of information.
```suggestion
```

.. code:: yaml

  repositories:
    common-definitions:
      url: https://github.com/IAMconsortium/common-definitions.git/
  definitions:
    region:
      repository: common-definitions
    variable:
      repository: common-definitions

> 

Reviewer: Please add the *mappings* to the example.

Author: done

The value in *definitions.region.repository* needs to reference the repository in the
*repositories* section.

> Adding a common list of countries to the region codelist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding countries to the region codelist
```

--------------------------------------------------------

By setting *definitions.region.country* as *true* in the configuration file:

.. code:: yaml

  definitions:
    region:
      country: true

> the nomenclature package will add a common list of countries to a region codelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the nomenclature package will add all countries to the *region* codelist.
```

.. _config:

.. currentmodule:: nomenclature

General project configuration

> ==========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=============================
```

> The nomenclature package features a configuration file that is used to enable the
> following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following features can be accessed via a general project configuration file:
```

> * Import codelists from public GitHub repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Import codelists and mappings from public GitHub repositories
```

> * Add a list of common countries (details: :ref:`countries`) to the region codelist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add all countries to the region codelist (details: :ref:`countries`) 
```

Importing from an external repository
-------------------------------------

In order to import from an external repository, the configuration file must define the
repository and the repositories key.

The repository has a **name** (in the example below *common-definitions*) and a **url**:

.. code:: yaml

  repositories:
    common-definitions:
      url: https://github.com/IAMconsortium/common-definitions.git/

In order for the import to work the url must be given in the above format, i.e. with the
leading *https://* and the trailing *.git/*.

Information from an external repository can either be used for codelists ("definitions")
or model mappings, or both.

.. code:: yaml

  repositories:
    common-definitions:
      url: https://github.com/IAMconsortium/common-definitions.git/
  definitions:
    region:
      repository: common-definitions
    variable:
      repository: common-definitions
  mappings:
    repository: common-definitions

The value in *definitions.region.repository* needs to reference the repository in the
*repositories* section.

For model mappings the process is analogous using *mappings.repository*.

Adding countries to the region codelist

> --------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------------
```
